Make Transformers an optional dependency (#5276)
RasaHQ/rasa: docs/nlu/components.rst

    featurization to compute sequence and sentence level representations for each example in the training data.
    Include :ref:`LanguageModelTokenizer` and :ref:`LanguageModelFeaturizer` to utilize the output of this
    component for downstream NLU models.

>     .. note:: To use ``HFTransformersNLP`` component, install Rasa OS with ``pip install rasa[transformers]``.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
     .. note:: To use ``HFTransformersNLP`` component, install Rasa Open Source with ``pip install rasa[transformers]``.
```
